DOC-1980: Convert all mentions of Transifex to Crowdin (#2695)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/misc/using-community-lang-packs.adoc

NOTE: The language code set in the {productname} configuration must match the filename of the language file. If the language file is not found, {productname} will not load.

> If a language you need is not available, you may wish to translate it yourself. To contribute to translating {productname}, go to our https://crowdin.com/project/tinymce[Crowdin translation] page and sign up, then request to join a team or create a new team if your language are not listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a language you need is not available, you may wish to translate {productname} yourself. To contribute to translating {productname}, go to our https://crowdin.com/project/tinymce[Crowdin translation page] and sign up. Then request to join an existing team, or create a new team if your language are not listed.
```
